# Gyromite
## Context
Project realised for a Programing Oriented Object (POO) course in Polytech Lyon (France).

|**Made by**|**Referent teacher**|
|:-:|:-:|
|OULED MOUSSA Yanis|Mr. ARMETTA Frédéric|

**Grade** : 18/20

[Subject](Report/sujetGyromite-Polytech.pdf) (In French)

## Project
### Introduction
This project aims to recreate the Gyromite game released by Nintendo in 1985 on NES.

**IDE used** : IntelliJ IDEA

The teacher gave us a codebase to start the project with. The codebase forced the game to be working in a grid. As I did not like this way of making the game I decided to remake it almost entirely.

I have tried to make something like the famous [Unity Engine](https://www.unity.com) in the backend developpement to make the level creation easier.

### Design
The game is separated in two main parts :
- **The Engine**

Where the inner mecanics are managed, inspired by the Unity game engine.

- **The Game**

Where the game rules are managed.

[The whole project's design is specified here !](https://app.diagrams.net/#HYaimuu%2FGyromite%2Fmain%2FConception%2FGyromite%20Class%20Diagram.drawio, "Project's UML")

### Features
**Features developped for the game Gyromite as asked by the teacher**
- Gravity
- Collision manager
- Ropes
- Collectables
- Pillars with their physics (Killing entities if they are crushed and moving entities otherwise)
- Point system
- Game loop

**Additionnal features**

- Redesign of the architecture in order to be able to play in a "continuous" environment (which is not managed by a system of squares but by positions in an orthonormal reference frame)
- Scene system allowing to create as many levels as you want
- Menu listing the scenes created in the "Scenes" folder 
- Debug mode allowing to see some additional information (Visualization of the "colliders" of each entity, the collisions of the player, etc...)
- ~~Level generated by a specific file and file generated by the creation of a level in an editor~~ (I was running out of time to make this feature)

**[For more detailled informations check out this project's report !](Report)** (Only in French at the moment)
